[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome to
House of Wellbeing.
You're listening to the
smoking hypnotherapy audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it
does, I'd just like
to remind you that the
following audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to help you reach a
deep level of relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place
free from distractions where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you.
And you'll easily
come out of hypnosis.
But right now,
there's nothing at all
you need to do apart
from close your eyes.
Relax.
Lie back and let go, and enjoy
all those peaceful feelings
and all the benefits
that come with it.
Make yourself as
comfortable as possible
and concentrate on
the sound of my voice.
And begin by drawing in
a long, slow, deep breath
in through your nose.
Hold the breath for a moment.
And now slightly open your
mouth and release all the air
from your body in a
long, low, deep sigh
and relax, allowing your
lungs to naturally deflate
as your body sinks into
gentle relaxation now.
Now in your
imagination, I'd like
you to imagine that
you're standing
on the top of a hill
on a beautiful island.
And it's a lovely
warm summer's day.
There's a clear, blue
sky, not a cloud in sight.
And the temperature is
just how you like it.
You can feel the gentle
warmth of the sun on your head
and shoulders.
And you can hear
the sounds of nature
all around you, making you
feel even more relaxed.
The long grass in the
meadow below sways slightly.
And you can see a
winding path that
disappears into a
small apple orchard
just at the bottom of hill.
And just beyond the
orchard, you can
see the sea, the
sunlight darting off
the tops of the waves, the whole
ocean shimmering and sparkling.
You begin to move easily
down the path now,
noticing the grass
springing under your feet,
pushing you encouragingly
towards your destination.
And you catch the faint smell
of sea air in the breeze
as you get closer to the
ocean as you stroll down,
down the winding path, and
you move smoothly and easily.
And you feel relaxed and
centered and fully in control.
You're becoming aware now of
the growing calm within you.
You stop to look at the
beautiful flowers growing
each side of the path, their
colors so vivid and bright.
And you stand there for a
moment taking in the view.
A feeling of happiness flows
through you, continuing down.
You're aware now of a deep sense
of calmness and tranquility
right from the top of your
head to the tips of your toes
renewing your energy
and feeling wonderful.
As you walk, you find yourself
almost floating as though
in a dream world down
towards the object.
You move with such ease
with no effort whatsoever.
And in no time,
you find yourself
drifting through
the fruit trees with
the lush, cool, green foliage
forming a canopy overhead.
And you see the
sunlight glittering
through the branches.
And as you stand there, you
feel a glittering sunlight
on your face and neck.
And you feel and
experience it vibrating
throughout your entire
body-mind system.
And as the sunlight moves, it
glows and warms and soothes
and heals your body and mind.
And you release and relax
and move down and down,
taking in another deep breath,
relaxing even more now.
You can hear the
sound of the ocean
as you move nearer and nearer.
And with every
step you take, you
feel more relaxed
and more calm as you
follow that winding path
that leads you downward.
You turn a corner.
And to your delight,
you find yourself
on a beautiful deserted
beach, the beach sweeping away
into a small bay
in front of you.
And the ocean is a striking
turquoise blue, pure and clear.
And you can feel the warm
sand underneath your shoes.
And you take your shoes off.
And you start walking
lazily across the beach
to the water's edge.
You feel the sand
beneath your feet.
And you feel the
sand change from cool
to moist beneath your feet as
you wander along the shoreline.
As you turn around,
you start to walk up
the beach towards
a grassy mound.
And as you walk up slowly, you
take in the smell of the ocean.
And you hear the
sound of the water
hissing over the warm sand.
You reach the mound
now and you sit down,
making yourself comfortable.
And as you gaze out across
the breathtaking scene,
you watch the waves roll
in and roll out again,
rhythmically in and out again.
You play with the sand
through your fingers,
noticing just how good you
feel, so relaxed now, so
relaxed that you've opened
up your subconscious mind.
And you're ready to start
making those changes you've
been wanting to make
once and for all.
And now that you're in
a deeply relaxed state,
we're going to focus
on smoking, a habit
that perhaps you have been
doing for years and years.
Whether it's a new
habit or an old habit,
the good news is that
habits can be broken
as easily as they're created.
And one of the
ways to do that is
to make you aware
of your smoking.
From the very moment you
reach for a cigarette,
you'll be extremely conscious
of what you're doing.
If you light it
and start to smoke,
you'll be unusually
aware of every moment
of the time you're involved
in smoking that cigarette.
Perhaps one of the main
reasons you continue to smoke
is because you're
doing it unconsciously.
Perhaps you've not really been
aware of what you were doing.
But from today,
you are extremely
conscious of what you're doing.
Each time you reach
for a cigarette,
your attention will be
drawn to that cigarette
and focus uncomfortably upon it.
And when you're aware
of what you're doing,
you're no longer doing
it subconsciously.
You have no desire
to continue smoking.
You know that.
And this is going to be
easy and effortless for you.
There will be none
of the struggle
and fight with
willpower you may have
experienced in the past, no
guilt of smoking as you do it.
Your newfound
awareness will make
you annoyed with smoking,
disgusted and bored by it.
It won't taste as
good as it used to.
You simply don't want to.
You just don't want to continue.
You already made up your mind.
You found the reason you smoke.
It's a habit.
And you've already made up
your mind a final decision
to stop smoking altogether.
Time to break that habit now.
You've already made up your
mind to stop smoking altogether.
You've made up your mind that
you're going to stop now,
not tomorrow, not the next day.
But you're stopping
this very moment.
You've made a final
decision to stop smoking.
And it's not just a decision.
You genuinely want to stop
smoking as of this very minute.
You know why you want to.
And think about that
reason for a moment.
Form it clearly in your mind.
Think about the
problems smoking causes
whether it's financial
burden, health issues,
or for your family.
You have no need to
smoke because of that.
You're giving it up now.
You're giving up coughing.
You're giving up pain.
You're giving up trouble.
You're giving up all the
things you don't want.
You're giving up the things
you don't want in order
to get the things you
do want in your life--
relaxation, better health,
to smell better, to respect
and no longer want to fill
your body with toxins.
And this gives you a feeling
of security, happiness,
and control.
You forget about cigarettes
all together now.
You are now a nonsmoker.
You have no need to buy
cigarettes because you
have no need to smoke them.
And should you perhaps
accept a cigarette,
you will immediately stop.
You'll immediately
be aware of it.
And you'll be overcome with
an uncontrollable compulsion
to break it in two as soon
as it enters your hand.
Whenever you touch
the cigarette,
you'll instantly
break it in two.
It will remind you of all
the bad things that you're
giving up and all
the good things that
are in store for you.
You realize how much
greater the proportion
of goods you're receiving is
than the portion of bad you're
giving up.
It will seem a
small thing to you
now to give up
smoking considering
the tremendous benefits you'll
be receiving for giving it up.
And it's easy to give up
things you don't like.
And from now on, you
do not like to smoke.
You are now a nonsmoker.
You now replace your
habit of cutting
a cigarette to your mouth
with getting a glass of water
and putting that to your
mouth and taking a sip.
Every time you have a
desire to put a cigarette
into your mouth, you
simply replace it
with having a sip
of a glass of water.
And if you like to do
something with your hands,
then maybe hold a pen or
a fidget toy or anything
to keep your hands
busy and occupied.
The cigarette feels
uncomfortable in your hands
now.
It feels wrong,
uneasy, like you're
holding a stick full of toxic
chemicals, toxic chemicals
that you would never
want to put in your body.
You begin to feel
proud of yourself,
proud as you are
now a nonsmoker.
And perhaps you now find it
easier to conquer other habits.
It makes it easier for you
to conquer life in general.
It fills your ego, making
you more self-confident,
more self-assured,
and more self-reliant.
You keep a record in the
beginning of your progress.
Every single day,
you remind yourself
of how successful you've
been as an abstainer,
how many days, how many
weeks and months you've
been an abstainer and how
wonderful it's made you feel.
You are now a nonsmoker.
You continue to
keep this record.
And it will encourage
you and fortify you
as a tangible record
of your success.
Soon, you will no
longer feel the need
to keep such a record
because you know that you're
an abstainer permanently,
that this record will
go unblemished for the
rest of your life now.
You already know that
no habit is stronger
than the power of
your mind which
created it in the first place.
It's now you versus tobacco.
And you will easily win
for you are stronger.
You're in control.
You have patience,
great patience now,
great perseverance.
And you have a huge amount
of determination, huge amount
of resilience.
And you will break this habit.
And all the time feeling
calm and relaxed.
Nothing can shake it.
You go on patiently day to day.
And every day will be a success.
And you become
accustomed to success.
And soon, that
feeling of success
will be far more
important to you
than any habit
could possibly be.
You are now a nonsmoker.
And you enjoy being a
nonsmoker more and more each
and every day.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind.
And they'll become
more and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count up from 1 to 5
to awaken you.
And at the count of five, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling
fantastic, feeling confident
knowing that
whatever happens, you
have the resources that
they need to cope and manage
any situation.
Bringing back with you now the
wonderful new feelings, 1, 2,
3, 4, and 5.
Eyes open when you're ready.